## Langchain Use Examples

LangChain has been one of the libraries in the universe of large language models that has contributed the most to this revolution. 
It allows us to chain calls to Models and other systems, allowing us to build applications based on large language models.
Here I will use it several times, creating increasingly complex projects.



### Create a Moderation system using LangChain. 
I will create a comment response system using a two-model pipeline built with LangChain. In this setup, the second model will be responsible for moderating the responses generated by the first model.

One effective way to prevent our system from generating unwanted responses is by using  a second model that has no direct interaction with users to handle response generation. 

This approach can reduce the risk of undesired responses generated by the first model in response to the user's entry. 



### Create a Data Analyst Assistant using a LLM Agent. 
Agents are one of the most powerful tools in the world of Large Language Models. The agent is capable of interpreting the user's request and using the tools and libraries at its disposal until it achieves the expected result.

With LangChain Agents, I am going to create in just a few lines one of the simplest yet incredibly powerful agents. The agent will act as a Data Analyst Assistant and help us in analyzing data contained in any Excel file. It will be able to identify trends, use models, make forecasts. In summary, I  am going to create a simple agent that I can use in our daily work to analyze our data.

### Create a Medical ChatBot with LangChain and ChromaDB. 
In this example, two technologies seen previously are combined: agents and vector databases. Medical information is stored in ChromaDB, and a LangChain Agent is created, which will fetch it only when necessary to create an enriched prompt that will be sent to the model to answer the user's question.

In other words, a RAG system is created to assist a Medical ChatBot.


### Author
Miel Julius Cac

